1.A software process model is an abstract representation of the development process. The model specify the order and stagesof a process
The software process model is important because it provide guidance for controlling and coordinating the task to achieve the end product as effectively as possible. This help both the team and the costomer
and the customer to determine thr right process or steps to follow for a particular software,identify early challenges and act as a record of the team's development process for the future

2. The waterfall software process model breaks down software development into isolated phases
and flow into each other whrere as Agile software process model advocate iterative
development cycles in which multiple life cycle phases can run in parallel.The benefit if the waterfall software 
process model is that it is simple and easy to understand and use. It is easy to manage due to the ragidity of the model
And when we take a look at the agile software process model, it makes the managers' job easier and allows them to have
much or greater control over their project. It again focusnon bothe delivering quality and value to the customer and completing 
the project within the given project constraint.

3.Rational unified process ia an approach for software engineering for delegating activities and responsibilities inside a software 
development organization. Its basic purpose is to enable the creation of high quality software that satisfy the end user's requirement
within a predictable budget and timeframe.The system is delivered in iteration where the iterations are succcessive
series of releases each with an increasing level of completetness.
The phases include in this type of software development process are
i. Inception
ii. Elaboration
iii. Constuction
iv. Transition
During each phase, all the six coren development disciplines take place. ie, bussiness modelling
,requirement, Analysis and design, Implementation, testing and deployment.


BENEFIT OF USING THE RATIONAL UNIFIED PROCESS 
i. It allows you to deal with changing requirements regardless of whether
they are comming from the customer or from the project itself.

ii. It forces integration to happen throughout the software development,more
specifically in the construction phases.

iii. The Rational unified process allow developers to control the development process 
satisfactory and give users a high level of security, proponents say.

Iv. It is again an iterative approach that is better in some situations than a pure waterfall approach.